Fix note about .spec.ipFamilies (#42227)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/dual-stack.md

`.spec.ipFamilies`, on the Service.

{{< note >}}

> The `.spec.ipFamilies` field is conditionally mutable: it allows for adding or removing a secondary IP family, but it does not allow changing the primary IP family of the Service.

Reviewer: Please wrap this, eg:
```suggestion
The `.spec.ipFamilies` field is conditionally mutable: you can add or remove a secondary
IP address family, but you cannot change the primary IP address family of an existing Service.
```
